README.md, before:

Back-end service with authentication and authorization to view and edit payroll data of employees  

Available features without authentication:
1) Registration (POST /api/auth/register),sends JSON, gets JWT active 30 min.
2) Authentication (POST /api/auth/authenticate),sends JSON,  gets JWT active 30 min.
3) Upload payrolls (POST /api/acct/payments), sends JSON with list of salary data of employees
4) Change the salary of a specific user (PUT /api/acct/payments), sends JSON with employee data

Available features with authentication:
1) Change password (POST /api/auth/changepass), sends JSON with new password
2) Getting the employee's salary data (GET /api/empl/payment), the query can be with the parameter (period), then the data about salarie for this period will be returned, when you make a query without the parameter, the data about all salaries will be returned

The data is stored in a PostgreSQL database.
Password is stored as Hash

To copy a project, you must:
1) Go to the directory where you will install the project
2) Type in git bash: git clone https://github.com/UladzislauBlok/AccountService
3) Open and run the project in an IDE (Eclipse or Intellij IDEA), they will automatically download all dependencies and build the project

p.s. You must have PostgreSQL installed

Stage 4/7.

Commit message:

Added authorization, and operations for the administrator

README.md, after:

Back-end service with authentication and authorization to view and edit payroll data of employees  

Available features without authentication:
1) Registration (POST /api/auth/register),sends JSON, gets JWT valid 30 min.
   The first user gets the administrator role, the other user roles
2) Authentication (POST /api/auth/authenticate),sends JSON,  gets JWT valid 30 min.

There are three types of users:
1) Administrator
2) Accountingtech(ACCOUNTANT)
3) User

Available features with authentication for all users:
1) Change password (POST /api/auth/changepass), sends JSON with new password

Available features with authentication for administrator:
1) Changing the roles of other users (PUT /api/admin/user/role)
2) Getting a list of users (GET /api/admin/user/)
3) Deleting all users, including the administrator  (DELETE /api/admin/user/)
4) Deleting a single user (DELETE /api/admin/user/{userEmail})

Available features with authentication for Accountingtech:
1) Adding salary data (POST /api/acct/payments), sends JSON with list of salary data of employees
2) Change the salary of a specific user (PUT /api/acct/payments), sends JSON with employee data

Available features with authentication for User:
1) Getting the salary data (GET /api/empl/payment), the query can be with the parameter (period), then the data about salarie for this period will be returned, when you make a query without the parameter, the data about all salaries will be returned

The data is stored in a PostgreSQL database.
Password is stored as Hash

To copy a project, you must:
1) Go to the directory where you will install the project
2) Type in git bash: git clone https://github.com/UladzislauBlok/AccountService
3) Open and run the project in an IDE (Eclipse or Intellij IDEA), they will automatically download all dependencies and build the project

p.s. You must have PostgreSQL installed

Stage 5/7.
